[connecting tone]
- Hi.
I'm Julie.
You're cute. What's your name?
- Nah.
[connecting tone]
- Oh.
Okay.
[ominous music]
Hello?
- BOO.
[suspenseful music]
- Jerk.
[keyboard click]
[connecting tone]
Um,
Sure.
[computer glitch]
That one.
[ominous music]
How did you do that?
Um,
I guess so.
I don't get it.
What's the trick?
[ominous music]
[music intensifies]
[gasps]
[suspenseful music]
That was you?
How?
No, thank you.
I'm going to go now.
How do you know my name?
Whatever, I'm going to leave.
[keyboard click]
[connecting tone]
Oh, what a creep.
- [User 3] Hey how's your night going?
- I just had the weirdest...
[suspenseful music]
- Hey.
How'd you get in here?
[laptop shuts]
[music intensifies]
Get me out of here.
HELP.
[computer glitch]
[connecting tone]
- Leave me alone.
[laptop shuts]
[scared breathing]
Where am I?
[suspenseful music]